[docs] add an FAQ regarding separate backend (#8321)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/faq/80-integrations.md

});
```

### How do I use a backend on another server possibly written in another language?

> You must first devise a method of determining whether a request should be served by your website or API. Some possibilities include utilizing the subdomain, path, or `Accept` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must first determine whether a request should be served by your website or API. Some possibilities include utilizing the subdomain, path, or `Accept` header.
```

> You may either send requests directly to the API server or you may proxy them to the API server.
> 
> If you send requests directly to the API server, be aware that you would need to deal with [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS), which will result in complications such as generally requiring requests to be preflighted resulting in higher latency. Requests to a separate subdomain may also increase latency due to an additional DNS lookup, TLS setup, etc. If you wish to use this method, you may find [`handleFetch`](/docs/hooks#server-hooks-handlefetch) helpful.
> 
> In order to avoid CORS complications, it is probably easiest to proxy requests to the API server. In production, you would configure a load balancer to route a path like `/api` to the API server. For local development, you can utilize Vite's [`server.proxy`](https://vitejs.dev/config/server-options.html#server-proxy) option.

Reviewer: I think we need an option for people who can't configure a load balancer (i.e. anyone using a PaaS)

````suggestion
You can use `event.fetch` to request data from an external API server, but be aware that you would need to deal with [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS), which will result in complications such as generally requiring requests to be preflighted resulting in higher latency. Requests to a separate subdomain may also increase latency due to an additional DNS lookup, TLS setup, etc. If you wish to use this method, you may find [`handleFetch`](/docs/hooks#server-hooks-handlefetch) helpful.

Another approach is to set up a proxy to bypass CORS headaches. In production, you would configure a load balancer to route a path like `/api` to the API server; for local development, use Vite's [`server.proxy`](https://vitejs.dev/config/server-options.html#server-proxy) option.

If configuring a load balancer isn't an option, you could alternatively add an [API route](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#server):

```js
// src/routes/api/[...path]/+server.js
export function GET({ params, url }) {
	return fetch(`https://my-api-server.com/${params.path + url.search}`);
}
```

(Note that you may also need to proxy `POST`/`PATCH` etc requests, and forward `request.headers`, depending on your needs.)
````

Author: I think you can pretty much always do it without an API route, but the terminology might be a bit different. E.g. it looks like Vercel and Netlify call them "rewrites":
https://vercel.com/docs/project-configuration#project-configuration/rewrites
https://docs.netlify.com/routing/redirects/rewrites-proxies/

Maybe we should mention those either in addition to or in place of the API route option?

Reviewer: I'm not sure if `vercel.json` will work, since we're using the Build Output API. I'm pretty sure there are some platforms where it's not possible (Cloudflare Workers, for example). Maybe we just don't bring up load balancers?

````suggestion
You can use [`event.fetch`](/docs/load#making-fetch-requests) to request data from an external API server, but be aware that you would need to deal with [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS), which will result in complications such as generally requiring requests to be preflighted resulting in higher latency. Requests to a separate subdomain may also increase latency due to an additional DNS lookup, TLS setup, etc. If you wish to use this method, you may find [`handleFetch`](/docs/hooks#server-hooks-handlefetch) helpful.

Another approach is to set up a proxy to bypass CORS headaches. In production, you would rewrite a path like `/api` to the API server; for local development, use Vite's [`server.proxy`](https://vitejs.dev/config/server-options.html#server-proxy) option.

How to setup rewrites will depend on your deployment platform. If rewrites aren't an option, you could alternatively add an [API route](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/routing#server):

```js
// src/routes/api/[...path]/+server.js
export function GET({ params, url }) {
	return fetch(`https://my-api-server.com/${params.path + url.search}`);
}
```

(Note that you may also need to proxy `POST`/`PATCH` etc requests, and forward `request.headers`, depending on your needs.)
````
